1: what have you done so far?
2: what are you doing to do next?
3: is there anything stopping you at the moment?

Yahia:

1o: name, sorting external api with project email for keys
1n: helping out with calculating distances, working on the presentation, and suggesting ideas for target audience  
2o: js file to connect to api and figure out details
2n: researching layouts for app, best way to attract clients with design of page, more presentation work
3o: no, internet issues
3n: no personal equipment to use, unfamiliarity

Jaden:
1o: ideas, supporting with database and backend
1n: helping yahia with calculations, managing trello pages, and submitting ideas.
2o: design, check what to do list
2n: support with frontend and start with tailwind
3o: personal laptop
3n: design team showing him

Peter:
1o: setting up flask and backend/database
1n: fixing backend to work with login pages
2o: supporting frontend with accounts, python front page, etc.
2n: integrating points with database
3o: not too much, no major blockers.
3n: frontend needs more

Rosie:
1o: helping with brand name, ui/ux layout and design
1n: working with tee to create the designs for the pages, and the wireframes for them, figuring communication with other pages 
2o: langing page layout
2n: colour theming, finishing progress pages, styling, desigining logo
3o: what elements to include, layout of page
3n: nothing at the moment

Tee:
1: ui/ux, brand name, creating user flow.
2: create wireframes and logos depending on name
3: not enough notes to create ideal designs from people, paper to sketch ideas

Sophie:
1o: researching places/tasks
1n: supporting with making sure everything looks alright, and the pages look good
2o: check what to do list, help out with frontend where possible
2n: support design team and presentation
3o: nothing
3n: nothing

Jack:

1: Help with creating log-in page
2: Managing ideas for the project
3: Setting the communicational infastructure
4: Create CSS and ensuring communication.
5: Not enough time for project managment and otherthings.

Jack 2:
1: Set GitHub repo, basic pages to build up to, help organise the. project.
2: Add pages to do front end.
3: No blockers atm.

yahia 2:
1o: nothing
1n: Making outline for presentation, formed beginning of slides.
2o: continue on presentation, preparing selling points and doing research, researching competitors
2n: make questionnaire for market research/prepare for judge questions
3o: nothing
3n: need screenshots of code/technical side for presentation.

jaden 2:
1o: nothing
1n: installing tailwind, working on pages
2o: work with rosie, sophie and other front end, preparing tailwindcss
2n: preparing tailwind and refactoring css
3o: nothing really
3n: not really

peter 2;
1o: finished signup/sign in pages
1n: sorting endpoints for sign in/up, deployed backend on server
2o: work with frontend on creating main connections with front and back with react
2n: discuss with frontend about what endpoints to work on
3o: not really
3n: nothing

rosie 2:
1o: nothing
1n: converting to react, adding elements and configuring general frontend, discussed with peter about endpoints
2o: delegating elements between people, communicating effectively with each other
2n: knowing what functions go on what pages, setting up fetch requests and testing connection with backend
3o: nothing
3n: nothing

sophie 2:
1: nothing
2: support with peer review, designing and presentation
3: nothing

tee 2:
1n: created sketches for logo and design of pages, decided on colour palette
2n: put wireframes on figma for communication, help rosie with design elements
3n: nothing